Feat: read entrypoints in dask.sizeof (#7688)
dask/dask: docs/source/sizeof-plugins.rst

.. _order:

``sizeof`` Plugins
========

.. note::

   This is an advanced topic that most users won't need to worry about.

> When Dask needs to compute the memory footprint of an object, e.g. to determine which objects to spill to disk, it uses the `sizeof` API. Libraries which need to define a `sizeof` implementation for their own objects can use the `sizeof.register` API:

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "memory footprint" is an English-specific phrase. We might modify things slightly, e.g. "size of an object in bytes", to make this point more clear. 

```suggestion
When Dask needs to determine the size of an object in bytes, e.g. to determine which objects to
spill to disk, it uses the ``dask.sizeof.sizeof`` registration mechanism. Users who need to
define a custom ``sizeof`` implementation for their own objects can use ``sizeof.register``:
```
